feat: Add new fields on DataSource setting that allow create Replay on SLO edit/creation - DataSource setting [PC-14402] (#333)
nobl9/terraform-provider-nobl9: docs/resources/direct_appdynamics.md

- `default_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Used by default for any SLOs connected to this data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--default_duration))
- `max_duration` (Block List, Min: 1) Defines the maximum period for which data can be retrieved. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--max_duration))

Optional:

> - `triggered_by_slo_creation` (Block List) Defines the period for which data will be retrieved when an SLO is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_creation))
> - `triggered_by_slo_edit` (Block List) Defines the period for which data will be retrieved when an SLO is edited. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_edit))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `triggered_by_slo_creation` (Block List) Defines the timeframe Nobl9 will reach back to fetch historical data for SLOs based on this data source once they're created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_creation)).
- `triggered_by_slo_edit` (Block List) Defines the timeframe Nobl9 will reach back to fetch historical data for SLOs based on this data source after modifying their budget-sensitive fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--historical_data_retrieval--triggered_by_slo_edit)).
```
